over the past year I have made a few
recommendations on my channel for people
not to purchase a MacBook either for
pricing or thermal issues or keyboard
issues and if you're someone who can
swing either way like you can get a
Windows laptop and be happy or a MacBook
right now and be happy I'd still
recommend for you to get a Windows
Device instead of a MacBook but if you
are someone who requires a MacBook
either for work or school or you just
really want a MacBook right now then
that's what this video is for it's kind
of like a guide to make a purchase
decision for the 2019 lineup of Mac
books now as for the reason why I'm
doing this now like why I'm making this
video now it's for two reasons number
one at this point of the year we've seen
all the laptops that they have to offer
so with the exception of the 12-inch
MacBook it's unlikely that they'll
update any of these for the rest of the
year and the second reason is that
Apple's refurb store now has stock of
all the devices I would recommend
earlier on this year some of the devices
were still missing but at this point in
time they're all available and the
reason why I recommend the refurb option
instead of the brand new stuff is that
you're just getting a way better value
you still get AppleCare you still get
their warranty you get their return
policy you get new batteries and
components that can wear out so it's a
much better value than buying new so I'm
gonna start this video off with the
13-inch MacBook Air this is a device
that goes for just over a thousand
dollars in the refurb store if you need
more storage it's $1,200 but this is
unfortunately the least expensive of the
MacBook options in the store right now
now it's a two core CPU it's not super
powerful I think most people will be
able to use this as their kind of
everyday machine if you need something
that's more capable like if you plan on
doing photo or video editing you'll
might have to look at one of the more
powerful options but for a lot of people
this is a good fit even if you're a
developer like I think a lot of
development can be done on just the two
core CPU now when this thing launched it
was not available in the refurb store so
it was priced around 250 $300 more than
it is right now and at the time it was
difficult to recommend this because you
could get the base model 13-inch device
for a little bit cheaper but at this
point because it is available in a
refurb store I think it's a good option
if you want something a little bit
smaller and lighter there is the 12-inch
MacBook it's a device that came out in
2017 like the last time they refreshed
it was two years ago so it's a little
bit dated but it is a kind of unique
device and how thin and light it is
while still having a very usable
full-size keyboard the one issue I have
with it is the single port if you ever
want to plug anything into that computer
you have to unplug the power and then
plug up your adapter or dongle or
whatever it is point being it's an
inconvenience that you just have to live
with if you want that reduction in
weight it starts at around eleven
hundred dollars and if you don't have a
particularly heavy workflow if like the
majority of the stuff you do is just
typing documents then it's viable but
really its main advantage is that it's
super small ok last two we have the two
Mac books we have the 13 inch and the 15
inch now these devices used to run two
and four core CPUs so in 2016 and 2017
two core CPUs four core CPUs for the 13
and 15 inch model and then in 2018 they
had four core CPUs and six core CPUs and
that year the 2018 model is the sweet
spot and you can save around four or
five hundred dollars if you get the 2018
models in the refurb store but you only
want to consider these kind of pro
models if your workflow can actually
benefit from cork head and a lot of
people just don't recognize whether or
not it can like if you're doing
development then yeah if you're doing
video and some photo editing yeah you
can benefit from higher core can't but
for everyone else like if you're just
typing stuff doing emails and just doing
regular computer work then I wouldn't
really recommend these because you're
paying more for them they're bigger
they're heavier and really the only
advantage that these have over the
13-inch MacBook Air or even the 12-inch
MacBook is just cour can't okay so
that's basically the current laptop
lineup I will mention this device the
iPad pro because of the new iPad OS this
is now a much more viable alternative to
laptops than it has been in the past
it's not perfect it's never going to be
perfect but I think it's like it's
easier to recommend now than it has been
in the past if you want to use this as a
laptop alternative there's still a lot
of disadvantages to it like the file
system is limited
and if you're looking for a particular
app that you need for work there's a
good chance it won't exist for iPad OS
and they're not particularly cheap right
these are quite expensive systems but if
you're that person that really wants to
try this it is more viable now than it
has been in the past so that's the
current lineup I also want to talk about
a couple other things the first is kind
of an alternate purchasing route to a
MacBook and that is to purchase their
really old stuff or the 2014-2015 era
MacBooks now I think there are a lot of
people that remembered the 2014 and 2015
Mac books as having like the best of
everything like they were upgradable
they were repairable they had very
reliable keyboards the thing is if
you're buying those devices now in 2019
they are quite old they're like four
maybe five years old at this point and
you'd have to buy them used on eBay or
Craigslist at this point they're a lot
cheaper so if you're on a really tight
budget it makes sense and also if you've
just someone that needs something for
iOS development it also makes sense
because it's so inexpensive but for the
average user because of the age of those
machines you're gonna have to replace
stuff like at the very least the battery
is gonna have to be swapped out
relatively soon those things have like a
thousand cycle lifespan and they're not
super easy or cheap to replace I think
just for most people that are interested
in getting into that MacBook ecosystem
the newer like refurb models are just a
safer option right now than the cheaper
like much older units just because of
how old those units are getting okay
there's one last thing I want kind of
leave you with just kind of food for
thought traditionally one of the
characteristics that Mac books have had
is really good resale value if you saw
earlier the resale market of the
2014-2015 models is quite active but
with the 2016 and onwards devices
because these are so difficult and
expensive and in some cases impossible
to repair or upgrade the resale value of
these might be affected by that because
if someone buys one of these secondhand
and the RAM or the drive goes down it's
not like a hundred or $200 replacement
of that component it's the replacement
of the entire motherboard it's expensive
it's like seven eight hundred bucks at
the base so that's what we have here
with apples current laptop lineup but if
you really want one
well now you know okay hope you guys
enjoyed this video thumbs would be liked
it
subs if you loved it see you guys next
time